Created Readme (#16)
Qala-Dev/discussion-questions: README.md

# BTrust Builders Discussion Questions Repository

Welcome to the **BTrust Builders** GitHub repository for discussion questions related to the following courses. This repository is designed to facilitate meaningful discussions and enhance your understanding of key concepts.

1. **Mastering Bitcoin - Discussion Questions**

>    - Explore and engage in discussions here : [Mastering Bitcoin Discussion Questions](https://github.com/richarddushime/discussion-questions/blob/main/mastering-bitcoin/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Explore and engage in discussions here : [Mastering Bitcoin Discussion Questions](https://github.com/Qala-Dev/discussion-questions/blob/main/mastering-bitcoin/README.md)
   - ```

2. **Mastering the Lightning Network - Discussion Questions**

>    - Explore and engage in discussions here: [Mastering the Lightning Network Discussion Questions](https://github.com/richarddushime/discussion-questions/blob/main/mastering-lightning/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Explore and engage in discussions here: [Mastering the Lightning Network Discussion Questions](https://github.com/Qala-Dev/discussion-questions/blob/main/mastering-lightning/README.md)
 ```

Author: Thanks , made a new commit  with the changes 
@josibake

> **NB:** An overview of the questions for which you will be the discussion leader will be shared over the usual channels. Daily discussions will be scheduled on the calendar.

Reviewer 2: What does NB mean?

Author: NB means : nota bene ( calling for a special attention)

> **NB:** An overview of the questions for which you will be the discussion leader will be shared over the usual channels. Daily discussions will be scheduled on the calendar.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps include a link to where people can learn more about discussions? If someone stumbles on this repo they may be interested in participating with a group.

Author: the discussion groups are always shared  in the discord private channel  for fellows
